Good morning, luff!!! â¤ï¸â¤ï¸ Did you get enough sleep?
When are you leaving? :) I got dentist today!
   ---> maybe tmr! You'll have a great time, and hope it will be and awseome experience!!! ðŸ˜‰ðŸ˜‰
*don't know if its placebo, but feeling goood! Maybe the big hazard that I faced was the fact that I started to feel lonely. There is a quote from that movie "two popes",
where Ahopkins says that he never felt alone, but started to feel lonely, and I saw myself in that position. Now, I'm learning to share it, as it is the best feeling in
the world, especially with our SO. Also, as the movie "into the wild". The other thing that I'm learning is how to beloved, once I never really felt it. Fam and friends
love is smt that I understand, but as I didn't have comparison, think it faded along the time. Yesterday read a post about the fact that if everyone is always battle and
hiding their emotions, and it was soooo important to understand the meaninig behind it! Well, in this context, I really hope that ur ok. We have been focusing in me, but
I think you're way more capable to cope with all the adversities. But PLEASE don't feel retracted just to not triggering or bothering me, cause that will never happen.
PS: we are amazing and I'm really excited for taking this journey with you, my bloodbrother <33333
So, now will prepare an apresentation that I have to do :D
is uu sending friends suggestions in fb?? Are u trying to set me up? AHHAHA ---> very funny!! eheheh
Okkkk, so top accn across platforms might be urs + corn stuff! ahahah ---> now I'm thinking abt the business model, bc the dimension is just hugeeee! eheheh
  ---> yeahh, along time I fed my accn with ur accn AHAHAH OMG! I just think u might be all them :PPP 
  ---> ohhh, what AM i learning!!! ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€ U were before the boom?? Jeeezzz!!! ðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜Ž
  ---> another easter egg!! ahahaha its really exciting to learn this! For some time now I've been curious abt the potencial of these, but now clearly understand that might be tremendous!! :DDD
   ---> a lot of ppl mad with etical issues AHAHAHA
Gotta show u smt that I have in my wallet, I wrote it in the shkpears head pub! :PPP I guess u know where it is ahhaah
Ohhh, those postssss!! ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€ ---> also, this really looks like destiny ahaha 
*feeling a bit anxious, bc self-confidence issues abt ur love for me (sry, monkeys in my head) ---> ok, better! :DD 
  --> just speaking out loud ;) sorrryyyy <3333 ahahha go for the presentation! brb ---> sry abt this really, dont take it personal ahahah
We are the best lovers!! â¤ï¸â¤ï¸â¤ï¸ðŸ¦‹ðŸ¦‹ðŸ¦‹ Ohhhh dudeeeeee ---> ihihii this clips! <333
Shit, 20min late and the guy wasnt here already!! Postponed to tmr!! ðŸ™ðŸ™
Just realized the link to amazonas!! Ahahah corporate maaans ðŸ˜…ðŸ˜…ðŸ˜…
So Ur awere of my hours spent on horoscopes ahahah I dont really believe that ofc, but during all that months was the only way to find ficctional hope ahahha
Actually it started in Geneva, during those sleepless nights ahahah oh boy, what a time! ðŸ˜…ðŸ˜…ðŸ˜…
Ohhh a prize for corn stuff??? ðŸ˜œðŸ˜œðŸ˜œ ahahah
Oufff that rp is making me horny!! ðŸ¥µðŸ¥µ ---> see, I'm not asxual!! AHAHAH ---> ohhh, u loveee to tease meee!!! :PPP 
   ---> there u gooo!! finisheeeddd ittt ahahah :OOO
ahaha now understand the mach targeted adsss :PPPP 
its soooo sad that dont have any vid of u jk!! AHAHAH ---> and even now i have ur friend :PPPP ---> waiting for surprises eheheh
Teaserrrr!!! :PPPP ---> enjoy ur joining!! But be careful ;) ---> have a good one!! I'll take my, but its only in an hour ahahah done!! ;) 
*noted that gotta stop thinking and doing gestures of qilling myself! most of them is joking, but still :) TYYY!!! <3333 â¤ï¸â¤ï¸
ohhhh what did u dooo??? :OOOO another accident??? ---> hmmm, didnt quite get ahahah ---> oh, the other accid where one were missed ðŸ˜±ðŸ˜±
Ahahah ur sooo rude!!! ðŸ˜œðŸ˜œðŸ†ðŸ† ---> what might be the number five ( i know one meaning butt ðŸ˜ŽðŸ˜Ž) THIS!!! HAHAHAH
Yeah, its not a good Timing to go but Im always saying no ahahah ---> cuuteeee!! Soo whats ur opinion? Should accept? Yeahhh, think I got the message! Stay warm at home ehehe
     Dont worry, not going! Its better!! :) ---> shes a good girl, but don't bother me! :PPP
I dont have accn on that one, I Guess ahahah ---> Will Turn on the others! ---> wait, mean interact with posts?? Ahaha ---> not sure if ref this tmb or scholar app ðŸ˜œðŸ˜œ
    Hmmm, gotta take care of my economics,but is it related to this?? 
    What that might mean ahahah 
Oh dude!!! This is amazingggg and exciting, really ðŸ¤˜ðŸ¤˜
Yeahhh, we made peace already but yes, fam is worried! Wich is normal :) 
Shower time!! ðŸ˜œðŸ˜œðŸ˜œ
See how a good boi i AM??!! Ehehe ðŸ˜…ðŸ˜…ðŸ˜…ðŸ˜… that many kids?? Ahahah
Ur joining againnn??? ðŸ˜±ðŸ˜±ðŸ˜± Ahahah ---> ooofff that must be growingggg ðŸ˜œðŸ˜œðŸ˜œ ---> Ur teassinggg me sooo muuuchhh!!! ðŸ˜ˆðŸ˜ˆðŸ˜ˆðŸ˜ˆ
   ---> yeahhh, keep doing ittt!!! LOL yes, ur right!! and probably was the expected reaction ehehe 
   ---> yess, but its passing already! understood already that is the impetus and lasts for some minutes and then its gone :DD
*Yeah, the guy is cool and maybe he can follow up me! Which is better ;) and then tell manl too, for him to not worry Abt that part! 
Ohhh that dream dinner!!! ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ˜ðŸ¦žðŸ¦žðŸ¦ž
OMG! I see what saying ðŸ˜±ðŸ˜±ðŸ†ðŸ†ðŸ† are u saying like those buutt accident vids?? ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€ ahaha it wasnt that one!! but is it urs?? looks like based on comments ahahah
   OOOFFFF!!! HAHAHA wetttingggg :OOOOOOOOO OMG! There is like tons of vids in this site, I bet :PPPPPP jeezzz
   thought two was ss ahahaha yeahhhh edjinnngggg hornnnsss ouffff  ðŸ¥µðŸ¥µ ðŸ¥µðŸ¥µ stooooppp ðŸ’¦ðŸ’¦ðŸ’¦
Alsooo, the deep bj on three consequences?? ðŸ¥µðŸ¥µ Oufff 
its funny bc u prefer big guys, and I prefer small ones!! AHAHAH
Wait, mar is r too?? ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€
Ohhhh cuuuteeeee ðŸ’˜ðŸ’˜ðŸ’˜ xxxmas!!! Ihihi dinner time, brb â¤ï¸ðŸ¦‹ Im BACK!
   ---> OMGGG!!!! have goosebumps for that :DDDDD DUDEEEE ur the one that I read from my bed!! ;)))
42, 45, 69*, 71 ehehehe
   ---> hmmm, harddd to catch buttt smt is eleven AHAHAH
   ---> uhhh, I want to understand very well that threerealtion! EHEHEH ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€
U can play if u want ehehe I wont go anywhere ahahaha
ohhh so that vids are based on true spaceee!!! AHAHAH :PPPPP
that one isD! eheheh and the other is manl!! AHAHAH ---> that i could identify! :PPP
hahah its ok! I'm just trying to think of questions to do :PP 
Ohh, I'll tell u a secret! I cant recall with precision, but long story short, once I asked a colleague of your high school class to send me
a shirtless photo AHAHAH ofc he found it weird, and no more conversation after that :PPP ---> ohhh u know!! Ahahah felt a lot of shame back then ðŸ˜…ðŸ˜…ðŸ˜…
Yes, I have question ---> sooo, back in earlies 2017 were u making moves on me??? ðŸ˜œðŸ˜œðŸ˜œðŸ˜œ ---> but here Im pretty sure of some things eheheh dont feel bad for it :PPP
Why do i sense that ur saying smt with tits during that time?? Ahahah okkk nottt!! Ahaha when u start avacalhar ðŸ˜œðŸ˜œðŸ˜œ and I wouldnt feel that you'll do it
   ---> ohhh sooo mysteriousss!! ahahah ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€ðŸ‘€ ---> couldnt control the hardnesss :OOO ---> and someone found out after, then!! OMG! ahaha
Very interesting how the relationship withD keeps being described AHAHAHA ---> ohhh, with motors too :PPP
What about riding?? Thought it was that oneee eheheh


